LICENSE FOR ITEMS PURCHASED THROUGH THE MARKETPLACE AT RENDEROSITY 

This license only applies to items purchased through The MarketPlace at Renderosity, not to any items
from the Free Stuff area. It is the Buyers responsibility to read and understand this license.  If you
are unsure about anything, please send an email to store@renderosity.com.

The Artist (Author) retains all copyrights to the enclosed materials. The Buyer is not purchasing the
contents, only the right to use the contents.  The Buyer may not redistribute this archive file, in
whole or in part. The Buyer may not store it any place on a network or on the Internet where it may be
referenced by a third party. Buyer acquires the copyright to any derivative works created using this
work, provided none of the original materials can be extracted from the derivative work by any means.
If Artist can show that any of the original material can be extracted from Buyer's derivative work,
Artist can demand both the original and derivative work, and all copies thereof be deleted.  For
example, Buyer cannot make an image of a texture map mapped to a flat plane, such that the original
texture map can be cut & pasted from the image. This is designed to protect the Artist from Buyers
releasing work, which lets other users obtain the copyrighted material, and is not meant to infringe
upon the artistic endeavors of the Buyer. Buyer may not make any MetaStream animation files with the
enclosed materials, until this format can protect the original materials from being extracted. Items
sold at Renderosity may not be used for illegal purposes.

In the event a Buyer is not satisfied with the product a refund may be issued.  Issuing refunds is at
the discretion of the Artist and / or the Renderosity MarketPlace staff. Refunds will be issued only
after the Buyer has worked with the Artist to fix the problem. When a refund is issued, the Buyer is
responsible for deleting all files using the product and may not distribute the product.

To protect the Buyer: Buyer is hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use all of
the contents of the encapsulating archive file. Artist maintains that all items in the archive are
their original work, or are derivative works from something found, and verified, to be in the public
domain. Artist maintains they legally possess the power to grant the Buyer this license for all
enclosed materials. Buyer may use the materials in any personal projects or commercial projects, as
long as the Artist 's work is protected from extraction and none of the items above have been violated.
Buyer may make a single backup copy of this archive file, for personal archival purposes only. Buyer
retains this license, even if the Artist stops selling this work at a later date, or decides to charge
a different price. The Artist may only revoke this license, if it is shown that a Buyer has previously
violated the terms and conditions above.
